README.md, before:

# Set up the environment
We use Conda to manage our Python libraries. [Install conda](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html)

Note that if you choose to install Anaconda (the full version), you probably only need to install GTSF Realtime. But if you choose to install Miniconda, which is way smaller, you'll need to install dependencies later one by one.

## Dependencies
### GTFS Realtime
[install GTFS](https://github.com/google/gtfs-realtime-bindings/tree/master/python)

```
pip install --upgrade gtfs-realtime-bindings
```

If it's throwing errors about setuptools, do this:

```
conda install -c https://conda.anaconda.org/anaconda setuptools
```
If it's still not working, try install GTFS using 

```
easy_install --upgrade gtfs-realtime-bindings
```  

### Flask

### lxml
```
conda install lxml
```

### matlplotlib
```
conda install matlplotlib
```

# Run the App
 
```
$ git clone "https://github.com/robsideshow/mbta-bustracker.git"
$ cd your-path-to/mbta-bustracker
$ python flaskbus.py
```

Open the app at `localholst:5000`


# API References

[MBTA Realtime and GTFS Documentation](http://realtime.mbta.com/Portal/Home/Documents)

[NextBus Documentation](http://www.nextbus.com/xmlFeedDocs/NextBusXMLFeed.pdf)

Commit message:

Add Flask-Assets and PyScss for SASS compiling

README.md, after:

# Set up the environment
We use Conda to manage our Python libraries. [Install conda](http://conda.pydata.org/docs/install/quick.html)

Note that if you choose to install Anaconda (the full version), you probably only need to install GTSF Realtime. But if you choose to install Miniconda, which is way smaller, you'll need to install dependencies later one by one.

## Dependencies
### GTFS Realtime
[install GTFS](https://github.com/google/gtfs-realtime-bindings/tree/master/python)

```
pip install --upgrade gtfs-realtime-bindings
```

If it's throwing errors about setuptools, do this:

```
conda install -c https://conda.anaconda.org/anaconda setuptools
```
If it's still not working, try install GTFS using 

```
easy_install --upgrade gtfs-realtime-bindings
```  

### Flask

### flask-assets

Using the pyScss and Flask Assets to compile the SCSS files.  
```
pip install flask-assets
pip install pyScss
```

### lxml
```
conda install lxml
```

### matlplotlib
```
conda install matlplotlib
```

# Run the App
 
```
$ git clone "https://github.com/robsideshow/mbta-bustracker.git"
$ cd your-path-to/mbta-bustracker
$ python flaskbus.py
```

Open the app at `localholst:5000/map`


# API References

[MBTA Realtime and GTFS Documentation](http://realtime.mbta.com/Portal/Home/Documents)

[NextBus Documentation](http://www.nextbus.com/xmlFeedDocs/NextBusXMLFeed.pdf)
